( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
Lu Yuanzhou suffers from photosensitive epilepsy.
In a lighting environment of a certain intensity,
or when subjected to a certain degree of visual impact,
it can trigger epileptic seizures.
This electronic LCD screen
may be the stimulus that triggered his epilepsy.
The killer is highly likely to have been
hiding here observing the situation opposite.
They waited until Lu Yuanzhou walked to the edge of the rooftop
to turn on the electronic LCD screen.
If I'm not mistaken,
there must be traces left by the killer here.
Based on Wang Yuanyuan's statement,
there must be something wrong.
Let's go meet her again.
Ms. Wang,
we came here this time
to tell you that
your husband's
cause of death wasn't suicide by jumping.
Not suicide?
Then how did he die?
He fell after suffering an epileptic seizure.
You two were married for so long.
He had epilepsy,
and you didn't know?
Ah.
I really didn't know that.
Sigh.
To tell you the truth,
these past few years,
we've been living separate lives.
Let me take this call.
Speak.
Another murder occurred in the west of the city.
Oh.
Got it.
Qiu Chen.
We have a case.
We won't bother you anymore.
We're leaving now.
Take care.
Thanks.
Master.
When we arrived,
we found a paper bride floating in front of the car too.
This killer is quite particular.
They even come in pairs.
You're quite particular too.
I saw you eating hawthorn flakes.
I have a bad stomach.
Captain Gu.
Yes?
Have you checked the cause of death?
Preliminary assessment
is drowning.
Drowning.
Give me the background check.
The victim is Zhang Song,
36 years old.
A self-employed driver.
His wife, Zhao Wen, works as a cleaner.
They have a daughter in elementary school.
Although they have some debts,
they reportedly have a harmonious relationship.
Rarely argued.
Any external debts?
Yes.
Why did he drive his car here?
This road is quite dangerous.
It's a dead end.
The traffic police said
there have been several traffic accidents on this road,
but no fatalities.
There used to be a warning sign here.
But later,
someone took it away.
Tweezers.
The seat belt is locked.
Evidence bag.
Two paper brides.
Hey, master.
Could it be a serial killer?
Two crimes in one night.
Could it be a murder exchange?
Hey, master.
Do you mean
Wang Yuanyuan killed Zhao Wen's husband,
and Zhao Wen killed Wang Yuanyuan's husband?
They...
Murder exchange.
They killed each other's husband.
That's what I mean.
Then why did Wang Yuanyuan kill her husband?
What's in it for her?
Property.
There's one more thing.
Domestic violence.
These two might know each other.
The scars on Wu Sijia's body
show that Lu Yuanzhou is a sexual sadist.
The way Wang Yuanyuan
dresses
is clearly to cover up scars.
Oh, I know.
The one who went across to turn on the electronic LCD screen was Zhao Wen.
Can you stop making a fuss?
The one who turned on the electronic LCD screen was indeed a woman.
But it's not Zhao Wen.
According to the investigation,
on the night of the 14th,
Zhao Wen's daughter, Zhang Qingqing, had a fever.
They were at the hospital the whole time.
I did a footprint analysis on the prints found under the LCD screen.
The suspect is
female,
about 166 cm tall,
and weighs 60 kg.
But she must have deliberately disguised herself.
So,
her footsteps were heavy.
I guess
she might have
intentionally worn men's shoes.
So the footprints she left
are very deceptive.
Captain Gu.
The substance in Zhang Song's fingernails has been identified.
It's a super high-count wool blended with vicuna.
It's rare on the market
and usually used in high-end luxury clothing.
Let's go to his house and take a look.
Stop eating. Let's go.
Captain Gu has met his match this time.
Are you Zhao Wen?
I am.
We spoke on the phone earlier.
About your husband's situation,
we'd like to ask you a few more questions.
Can we come in?
Please come in.
Has your husband
been acting strange lately,
or
been in contact with anyone unusual?
We both work day and night to make money.
We barely see each other for days.
I heard you have some debt.
Yes,
we do.
So you rarely see each other?
How is your relationship?
We are an old couple.
We just think about how to make more money for our child every day.
By the way.
My daughter is coming back soon.
About her father,
I don't want to tell her for now.
Don't worry.
We understand.
Do you have any more questions for me?
Then you...
I don't have any questions.
I'll contact you later if I need anything.
Ah.
Okay.
Let's head out.
We're leaving.
Mom.
Come here.
Qingqing.
Who...
Who are they?
Ah.
They're here to see your dad.
My child is good at everything.
She's just very timid
and doesn't like to talk to strangers.
She'll be fine when she grows up.
I understand.
It's okay.
Come on,
go inside and do your homework.
Go inside.
Maybe
she needs psychological counseling.
You can see our family's condition.
It's good enough
that we can afford her schooling.
We don't have spare money for anything else.
I know a
very good psychological counselor.
Besides paid consultations,
he also does pro bono services.
I'll give you the address later.
Take her there when you have time.
Thank you so much.
It's nothing.
It's my duty.
We're leaving.
Okay.
Hey, Chen.
You usually seem so cold,
but sometimes,
you're quite passionate.
You said the psychotherapist is An Rong, right?
How is she doing?
You are both my dad's students.
Don't you keep in touch?
We are all busy.
Say hello to her for me when you see her.
She's doing fine without seeing you.
It's this late.
You must not have eaten.
Ah,
the cafeteria is definitely closed.
How about we go out to eat?
No, thanks.
You guys go ahead.
He's just like this.
He doesn't eat with others,
except An Rong.
Ah.
It's your treat.
Hey.
Okay.
Then draw one for the teacher.
Your favorite scenery.
Okay?
You didn't eat again.
I'm used to it.
Hey, Aunt Rong.
Do you have more of this?
It's pretty good.
There is one more of this.
While I was abroad,
how was your work?
Did everything go smoothly?
Not bad.
It's about what I expected.
You never visit me unless you need something.
Hey,
Aunt Rong.
The scenery here is quite nice.
Yeah. If you like it,
I'll take you there when you have a day off.
When I have a day off?
I don't even know when that will be.
Hey.
These two monkeys.
They're not the same species, right?
Why
is it carrying it?
This is a local capuchin monkey.
The one on its back is a howler monkey infant.
Male capuchin monkeys
will
kidnap howler monkey infants
to get the food female howler monkeys bring to their babies.
You could say it's
a kind of slavery in the animal kingdom.
Ah!
Zheng.
My son.
Zheng!
Help!
Paper bride
punishing the scumbag.
We don't even have a clue yet,
and those media have already drawn a conclusion.
The key is
that the netizens actually believe it.
Lu Yuanzhou is a scumbag, yes,
but I don't think Zhang Song necessarily is.
Uh...
We questioned his wife.
It felt
pretty normal.
He probably doesn't beat his wife.
He beats his daughter.
Ah.
When we mentioned Zhang Song that day,
his daughter obviously had a stress response.
Zhang Song seemed like an honest guy on the surface,
but he was actually a gambler.
He was addicted to lotteries and online gambling,
and owed a huge amount in online loans.
So his wife, Zhao Wen, had to
take on multiple part-time cleaning jobs.
In essence,
he is just like Lu Yuanzhou.
Both are domestic abusers,
only their methods differ.
Zhang Song
used their daughter
to threaten Zhao Wen.
Chief Zhang said
we have three days to solve the case.
Qiu Chen,
come to the hospital with me
to check the medical records of Zhao Wen and her daughter.
Keep checking the surveillance cameras.
How could you hit your daughter?
Zhou Zheng,
he really...
Sigh.
Qi Xiaoling,
are you trying to run away?
I just want to go wash my face.
You are not going anywhere.
You put my son in a vegetative state.
You have to stay here and take care of him, understood?
You shameless woman.
If you hadn't cheated,
why would my son be so devastated
and constantly try to kill himself?
Zheng is so foolish,
seeking death over a woman like this.
You are the one who should die!
Let go!
Still trying to run?
You still want to run?
Where do you think you're going?
Come back here!
Look at
what you've done to my son.
Ah!
This...
Oh my.
Wait,
where is my son?
Doctor! Nurse!